Update the routing logic based on recent changes (#9307)
github/docs: content/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/using-self-hosted-runners-in-a-workflow.md

When routing a job to a self-hosted runner, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} looks for a runner that matches the job's `runs-on` labels:

> {% ifversion fpt or ghes > 3.2 or ghae %}

Reviewer: this behavior is not on for GHAE M1, not sure whether that matters to the doc.

Reviewer 2: 🤔 Hmm, ok; I'll edit this for `-next`

- {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} first searches for an online and idle runner at the repository level, then at the organization level, {% ifversion fpt %} and if the organization is part of an enterprise,{% endif %} then at the enterprise level.
- If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} finds an online and idle runner at a certain level that matches the job's `runs-on` labels, the job is then assigned and sent to the runner.
  - If the runner doesn't pick up the assigned job within 60 seconds, the job is queued at all levels and waits for a matching runner from any level to come online and pick up the job.
- If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} doesn't find an online and idle runner at any level, the job is queued to all levels and waits for a matching runner from any level to come online and pick up the job.
- If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.

> {% elsif ghes < 3.3 %}

Reviewer: `<= 3.2` ? 😆  I saw the linter error.

Reviewer 2: haha, unfortunately, we can't use `<=` or `>=` in our liquid helper 🙁

When routing a job to a self-hosted runner, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} looks for a runner that matches the job's `runs-on` labels:

- {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} first searches for an online and enabled runner at the repository level, then at the organization level{% ifversion ghes or ghae %}, then at the enterprise level{% endif %}.

> - If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} doesn't find an online and enabled runner at any level, the job is queued to all levels and waits for any runner from any level to come online and pickup the job.

Reviewer 2: @TingluoHuang In the previous description, we said that `If there are no matching runners at any level, the job will fail.`. With this new behavior, if there are no runners configured at any level that match the specified labels for the job, will the job be queued and wait 24 hours before failing?

Reviewer: The job will be queued and wait for 24 hours before failing. Within 24 hours, any label matched runner from any level (repo/org/enterprise) that comes online can pick up the job

   - If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.
- If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} finds an online and enabled runner (preferred runner) at a certain level, the job is then sent to the preferred runner.

>     - If the job is not picked up by the preferred runner within 60 seconds after sending the job, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} will try send the same job to all other levels as well.

Reviewer 2: What does it mean that `send the same job to all other levels as well.`? Is it the same behavior as the earlier description of `the job is queued to all levels and waits for any runner from any level to come online and pickup the job.`?

Or, is this the same as saying something like: "If the runner doesn't pick up the assigned job within 60 seconds, GitHub starts searching again for an online and enabled runner at all levels."?

>     - If the job is not picked up by the preferred runner within 60 seconds after sending the job, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} will try send the same job to all other levels as well.

Reviewer: We don't search for an online and enabled runner after 60 seconds, we queue the job to all levels and wait for a label matched runner from one of the levels that comes online/enable to pick up the job

> - {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} first searches for an online and enabled runner at the repository level, then at the organization level{% ifversion ghes or ghae %}, then at the enterprise level{% endif %}.
> - If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} doesn't find an online and enabled runner at any level, the job is queued to all levels and waits for any runner from any level to come online and pickup the job.
>    - If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.
> - If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} finds an online and enabled runner (preferred runner) at a certain level, the job is then sent to the preferred runner.
>     - If the job is not picked up by the preferred runner within 60 seconds after sending the job, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} will try send the same job to all other levels as well.
>     - If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.

Reviewer 2: How about we put the match condition first, so we can sum up the queuing and timeout description once at the end. Does this ordering/wording make sense?

```suggestion
- {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} first searches for an online and enabled runner at the repository level, then at the organization level{% ifversion ghes or ghae %}, then at the enterprise level{% endif %}.
- If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} finds an online and enabled runner at a certain level that matches the job's `runs-on` labels, the job is then assigned and sent to the runner.
    - If the runner doesn't pick up the assigned job within 60 seconds, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} starts searching again at all levels for an online and enabled runner.
- If {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} doesn't find an online and enabled runner at any level, the job is queued to all levels and waits for any runner from any level to come online and pick up the job.
   - If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.
```

When routing a job to a self-hosted runner, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} looks for a runner that matches the job's `runs-on` labels:

1. {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} first searches for a runner at the repository level, then at the organization level{% ifversion ghes or ghae %}, then at the enterprise level{% endif %}. 

>    - If no online runner is found, the job will be queued to all levels and whichever level first has an online and availabile runner will pick up the job.

Reviewer: `If no online and enabled runner is found`

> 2. The job is then sent to the first matching runner that is online and idle.

Reviewer: {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} first searches for an online and enabled runner at the repository level, then at the organization level{% ifversion ghes or ghae %}, then at the enterprise level{% endif %}.
- If we don't find an online and enabled runner at any level, the job is queued to all levels and wait for any runner from any level to come online and pickup the job.
   - If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.
- If we find an online and enabled runner (preferred runner) at a certain level, the job is then sent to the preferred runner.
    - 60 seconds after sending the job, if the job is not picked up by the preferred runner, we will try to send the same job to all other levels as well.
    - If the job remains queued for more than 24 hours, the job will fail.
